Israel carries out its largest ever
bombardment on Gaza Hamas is now
threatening to kill captives anytime
civilians are targeted without
warning it's been a deadly day of
Devastation in the besieged enclaved
civilians including women and children
are among the dead in
jabalia Israel says it has retaken
control of Southern areas attacked by
Hamas as the armed group continues its
barrage of rockets towards Tel
[Music]
Aviv and Israel deploying more troops to
its northern border area as Islamic
Jihad claims responsibility for an
incursion from neighboring
Lebanon it's 1800 GMT that is 900 p.m.
in Gaza where Palestinian homes continue
to be targeted by air strikes an Israeli
Army spokesman has described it as the
largest ever bombardment of Gaza and
we've now just heard from the spokesman
of hamas's military Wing he said that
the group would begin executing Israeli
captives if Israel bombs civilian houses
in Gaza without any
pre-warning now a warning to our viewers
that the pictures you're about to see
from Gaza are
disturbing these are the scenes from the
jabalia neighborhood in the north of the
Gaza Strip early today there are reports
of mass casualties around 560
Palestinians and 900 Israelis have been
killed in the most serious escalation in
violence in decades Israel has also
declared a total blockade of the Gaza
Strip that means cutting off food fuel
water and
electricity the jabalia camp is the
largest of eight refugee camps in the
strip densely packed with more than
116,000 refugees not too far way is a un
Run Elementary School though it was not
impacted by Monday's air strike it's
still not clear how many people died in
that incident at
jabalia now Tark Abu aom is live for us
inside Gaza Tark we've been watching
very intense bombardment of Gaza over
the last few hours what are you hearing
now well after the uh the series of uh
devastating and even attacks that were
carried out by the Israeli occupation
forces inside the Gaza STP now uh uh
relative uh tranquility and relative
calm now is prevailing inside the Gaza
Strip uh this uh impact did not come by
chance uh this uh relative calm uh came
after the threat of the uh spokesman of
the military wing of the alasam of Hamas
movement alasam brigades uh after
mentioning that they will execute every
civil captive Israeli captives uh if if
there is any Palestinian house was
completely destroyed without pre-warning
now the uh the level of bombardment that
we had witnessed uh during uh the early
morning is uh absolutely were absolutely
uh uh critical and serious uh bringing a
catastrophic damage for the Palestinian
uh civil infrastructure and even in
terms of the death toll as well but
after the announcement of the uh alasan
brigades uh generally the uh level of
the Israeli uh strikes uh decreased uh
remarkably and maybe now the the poll is
in the court of the uh Israeli
occupation to study the uh statement
that had been released by the militant
uh group inside the Gaza strep now as
you can uh clearly hear the sound of the
Israeli drones hovering on the sky of
the Gaza strap can be notably he looking
for targets but the level of Destruction
and even the level of targeting have uh
remarkably uh decreased and uh this uh
uh fake uh comb could uh quickly be
turned upside down if the Israeli
occupation decided to continue uh
targeting the Gaza Strip on the same
Rhythm what are the residents of Gaza
doing you say right now there appears to
be a lull in the bombardment even as we
see lightning over the Skies of Gaza um
what do residents of Gaza do during that
time do they shelter at home or do they
try to look for other areas of
shelter now we can clearly say that the
majority of Palestinians who are
residing in the Eastern areas of the
Gaza Strip which are adjacent to the
borders they uh earlier of the occup of
the uh conflict they were displaced from
the houses they uh they went to H
shelters uh specifically to the United
Nations Affiliated schools in order to
be protected from the Israeli uh
Shillings as well uh and the other part
of the Palestinian people inside the
Gaza Strip are now on the houses uh they
don't have any proper shelters to be uh
secured and protected from the Israeli
strikes now uh we can clearly uh say
that the humanitarian condition in the
Gaza Strip is absolutely on the age of
of collapse uh simply because uh now the
internet access have been uh cut in
different areas inside the Gaza Strip as
you can right now uh can clearly hear
the uh Israeli strikes continued after
uh this frequent calm disappeared and
let's uh say that the Palestinian people
are experiencing uh human catastrophic
consequences of the Israeli ongoing
strikes now the majority of central uh
oh that explosion was so close uh the
the the ongoing strikes of the Israeli
occupation on General Public streets and
even on the uh main roads uh led to the
inability of movement now Palestinians
cannot really move freely by using their
own vehicles but they tend to walk on
foot in order to get and even to buy
their own needs and it's important also
to mention that now if I can get you to
pause a second buildings are destroyed
what what are you hearing because we
have live footage and we are seeing very
impressive bombardment of the uh of the
um Gaza Skyline
what are you hearing true right now a
number of buildings inside the Gaza
Strip are being hit by the Israeli uh
fighter jets now the sound of the
Israeli fighter jets are can be overly
uh hear and the the uh the attacks
continued after a a short period of calm
and it has been resumed again now from
time to another we can clearly hear
these kinds of explosions but since the
early hours of today the uh the speed
and even the quality of targeting were
uncomparable with the uh with with the
previous conflicts that Gaza really had
with the Israeli
occupation now the areas that have been
hit in Gaza um do people normally get a
warning well uh we can clearly see that
uh we say that the uh the Eastern areas
of the Gaza Strip since the early
beginning of this uh conf lict they
received warnings only to evacuate the
houses in order to be safe from the
Israeli strikes but later after the uh
series of uh fire exchange between uh
the militant groups and the Israeli
occupation forces Israel tend to
directly Target alers without any
previous warnings and a clear example of
that is the uh the massacre that had
been committed uh today's uh afternoon
in uh jabalia refugee camp uh the place
that has been hit in the refugee camp is
a public street that used for um for
transferring goods and even for uh even
for uh civil uh facilities and
interactions so we can clearly see that
throughout these attacks and throughout
the number of casualties resulted from
the Israeli strikes now it becomes so
clear that Israel tend to directly it
houses without sending pre-ww warnings
to its dwellers all right tar abazo stay
say if you're in Gaza we'll come back to
you for an update on what's happening
there for now